ABOUT

The StatRep package is a LaTeX package that provides two environments and
two tags that work together to display your SAS code and results and to
generate the SAS program that produces those results. The two environments
(Datastep and Sascode) display SAS code. The two tags (Listing and Graphic)
display SAS output.

The generated SAS program includes calls to macros that use the SAS
Output Delivery System (ODS) document to capture the output as external files.
These SAS macros are included in this package (statrep_macros.sas).

The package is available in two locations:

    * http://support.sas.com/StatRepPackage
    * http://mirror.ctan.org/macros/latex/contrib/statrep/

The distribution(statrep.zip) consists of the following files:
   README.txt            (this file)
   statrep_macros.sas    SAS macro file
   statrepmanual.pdf     StatRep Package User's Guide (pdf)
   statrepmanual.tex     StatRep Package User's Guide (source)
   quickstart.tex        Example and tutorial LaTeX file
   statrep.dtx           Package source file
   statrep.ins           Install file (for MikTeX Users)

INSTALL

Unzip the file statrep.zip to a temporary directory and
perform the following steps:

Step 1: Install the StatRep SAS Macros

   Copy the file statrep_macros.sas to a local directory. If you have a
   folder where you keep your personal set of macros, copy the file
   there. Otherwise, create a directory such as C:\mymacros and copy
   the file into that directory.

Step 2: Install the StatRep LaTeX Package

   If you are working with the MikTeX distribution on Windows and it is
   configured to download and install packages automatically, you can
   skip this step. Otherwise, see these instructions for installing
   packages for MikTeX:
   http://docs.miktex.org/manual/localadditions.html

   These instructions show how to install the StatRep package in the
   TeXLive LaTeX distribution for your personal use. If you maintain a
   system-wide LaTeX distribution and you want to make StatRep
   available to all users, see more detailed information about how
   to install LaTeX packages at
   http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=what-TDS

   a)
   Determine the location that LaTeX uses to load packages. From a
   command-line prompt, give the following command:
   kpsewhich -var-value=TEXMFHOME

   The command will return the root directory name in which LaTeX can
   find your personally installed packages.

   b)
   Create the directory if it does not exist and create the additional
   subdirectories tex/latex/statrep
   Your directory tree will have the following structure:
      ---------------
      root directory/  (given by kpsewhich command in 2a)
         tex/
            latex/
              statrep/

   d)
   Copy the files statrep.dtx, statrepmanual.pdf, and statrepmanual.tex to
   the statrep subdirectory. Your directory tree will have the following structure:
      ---------------
      root directory/  (given by kpsewhich command in 2a)
         tex/
            latex/
                 statrep/
                       statrep.dtx
                       statrepmanual.pdf
                       statrepmanual.tex
      ---------------

   e)
   Change to the statrep directory and give the following command:
   pdflatex statrep.dtx

   The command creates several files, one of which is the configuration
   file, statrep.cfg.

Step 3: Let the StatRep Package Know the Location of the StatRep SAS Macros

   Edit the statrep.cfg file generated in Step 2d so that the macro SRmacropath contains
   the correct location of the macro file from step 1. For example, if
   you copied the statrep_macros.sas file to a directory named 'C:\mymacros',
   then you define macro \SRmacropath as follows:
   \def\SRmacropath{c:/mymacros/statrep_macros.sas}

   Note the use of the forward slash in the definition. Use the forward slash
   as the directory name delimiter instead of the backslash, which is a special
   character in LaTeX.

EXPLORE

   You can now test and experiment with the package. Create a working
   directory and copy the file quickstart.tex into it.

   To generate the quickstart document:
   1) Compile the document with pdfLaTeX. You can use a LaTeX-aware
      editor such as TeXworks or use the command-line command 'pdflatex'.
      This step generates the SAS program that is needed to produce the results.

   2) Execute the SAS program quickstart_SR.sas, which was automatically
      created in the preceding step. This step generates the SAS
      results that are requested in the quickstart document.

   3) Recompile the document with pdfLaTeX. This step compiles the
      quickstart document to PDF, this time including the SAS results
      that are generated in the preceding step.

      You might need to repeat this step so that LaTeX can re-
      measure the listing outputs to ensure that they are framed properly.

   Notes: You can make changes to the file with a LaTeX-aware editor
          or with any plain-text editor such as NotePad or emacs.

          You can read the StatRep User's Guide for complete usage details.
          It is included in the file statrepmanual.pdf that you copied
          in the installation step 2d.

UNINSTALL

   To uninstall the package, delete the statrep directory that you created
   in the installation step 2d and remove the SAS macro file statrep_macros.sas
   that you copied in Installation step 1.

LICENSE

statrep.dtx
statrep_macros.sas

Copyright (c) 2014 SAS Institute Inc.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute, and/or modify this software
under the terms of the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL), version 1.3.

This software is provided by SAS Institute Inc. as a service to its users.
It is provided 'as is', without warranty of any kind, either expressed or
implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantibility and fitness for a particular purpose.
See http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt for the details of that license.

This work has the LPPL maintenance status 'maintained'.
The Current Maintainer of this work is Tim Arnold (tim dot arnold at sas dot com).

REQUIREMENTS

  pdfLaTeX typesetting engine 1.30 or later

  LaTeX packages
     verbatim, graphicx, xkeyval, calc, ifthen
  SAS 9.2 or later

See the StatRep User's Guide, included in this package, for complete details.

This work consists of the files:
   README (this file)
   statrep_macros.sas
   statrepmanual.tex
   statrepmanual.pdf
   quickstart.tex
   statrep.dtx
      statrep.ins
      statrep.pdf
      statrep.sty
      statrep.cfg
